[Music]
[Applause]
this war was a lie
years of blood just delight the fuse of
a secret war
decades in the making
[Music]
my fellow americans a nuclear conflict
would well be mankind's last
we want to make this a more peaceful
world
five days ago we acquired intel
soviet agent perseus is in play
if he's active something big is gonna
happen something that could shift the
balance of the cold war
let's go find this [ __ ]
mr president is the threat real
yes sir we believe it is give mr adler
whatever he wants
[Music]
is
i know you won't fail us
[Music]
pre-order digital copy and get early
access to the open beta and instant
access to the woods operator pack in
modern warfare including warzone
[Music]
[Applause]
you